OADP-2758: Backup configuration csiSnapshotTimeout not functioning as expected (#65207)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-release-notes-1-2-0.adoc

The following issues have been highlighted as known issues in the release of OADP 1.2.0:

.Backup configuration "csiSnapshotTimeout" not functioning as expected

> The backup configuration setting `csiSnapshotTimeout` is not functioning as expected. When attempting to modify this parameter to a custom value, the backup process still utilizes the default timeout value instead of the specified one. This behavior persists regardless of the value assigned to `csiSnapshotTimeout`. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1952[OADP-1952]

Author: ```suggestion
The backup configuration setting `csiSnapshotTimeout` is not functioning as expected. When attempting to modify this parameter to a custom value, the backup process still utilizes the default timeout value instead of the specified one. This behavior persists regardless of the value assigned to `csiSnapshotTimeout`. This issue has been resolved in OADP 1.2.2. 
```
